c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\StaEdwirges.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\StaEdwirges.pdb
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Util.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Util.pdb
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.pdb
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\henrique\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\StaEdwirges.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\StaEdwirges.pdb
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Util.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Util.pdb
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.dll
E:\DotNet\CondominioSaoMiguel\MoveisSe\StaEdwirges\StaEdwirges\obj\Debug\StaEdwirges.pdb
